it took years to get it just right but
dr pepper zero sugar has finally arrived
to celebrate we're giving away the zero
award a year supply
of dr pepper zero sugar and uh dr pepper
birdhouse someone's aunt sold on the
internet
three contenders have waited their whole
lives for this moment
let's meet them here's gincita vargas a
frontline medical worker whose love for
dr pepper led to her request for dr
pepper face masks
for her fellow nurses this is leslie
crowe who collects dr pepper memorabilia
and even threw a dr pepper themed baby
shower for her son draper
and finally tango james whose raging dr
pepper themed house party went down in
history in a small college town
you're all deserving of this award but
the winner
is guillermo bring the envelope please
the winner is leslie crowe
congratulations leslie
leslie tell us what does this victory
mean to you
oh my god y'all just made my whole
entire year
and i'm not gonna run out of dr pepper
at any time oh sorry leslie we ran out
of time
as you can hear the symphony orchestra
but go celebrate with a dr pepper
zero sugar enjoy please thank you leslie
and congratulations
congratulations leslie enjoy that dr
pepper zero
sugar all the flavor you deserve none of
the sugar
hi i'm jimmy kimmel and i am not allowed
to eat this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now i'm
hungry